Modify rule S2154: reworked rule description for LayC format [SONARJAVA-4490] (#2598)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2154/java/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Using wrapped primitive values in a ternary operator does not simply return one operand or the other based on the condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using boxed values in a ternary operator does not simply return one operand or the other based on the condition.
```

> Instead, the primitive values are unboxed and coerced to a common type, which can result in a loss of precision when converting one operand from `int` to `float` or from `long` to `double`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the values are unboxed and coerced to a common type, which can result in a loss of precision when converting one operand from `int` to `float` or from `long` to `double`.
```
